well howdy there and another people its
Bo again so gonna start off by saying if
you sent me a message via the comment
form on the website and the subject of
that message is anywhere near you turn
this off now
kind of indicated he doesn't watch this
but just wouldn't want them to hear it
out of ear in earshot so I'm going to
read you the email and I'm gonna provide
my thoughts as I read it for the first
time just to add a little bit of levity
because this is a pretty heavy email hi
Bo you remind me a lot of my husband and
I think my son would love you I'm
already really uncomfortable with where
I think this is headed my son is very
interested in history and martial arts
he spends every waking moment on those
subjects he's always been like this I am
NOT interested in playing mr. Miyagi got
no interested in whatsoever
his father was in the army and I think
this is his connection to him because he
doesn't really remember we lost him over
there the problem is that my son is
starting to show a lot of signs my
husband was a patriot he might have been
a little nationalist but that was all
gone after his first time over and
that's really really common
he never used the words other guy he's
used for them he cared about the people
there and understood the difference
between them and his opposition I'm
incredibly worried my son will join in a
few years I can't stand the thought I
can't lose him too especially with so
much hate in his heart he uses those
words I know you've mentioned you live
in Florida but can't remember where I'm
in Miami could you talk to him in person
or a video if I thought it would do any
good I would meet but this certainly
seems to me like a developing Warrior
Ethos combined with the memory of his
father I'm all about lost causes but I
am NOT up to the task of this
nationalism is inextricably tied to that
journey of where you're done it's there
in the beginning and it fades as you
know once it starts the only way out is
through really I don't think he needs to
meet me I think he needs to meet a guy
named Duncan MacLeod of the clan MacLeod
is a fictional character from a TV show
it's not a particularly great TV show
when you're talking about the writing or
the special effects or anything like
that but it explores a lot of things
that I think your son would be very
interested in and it's all about history
and martial arts for all I know it was
your husband's favorite TV show more
importantly for all your son knows it
was your husband's favorite TV show I
would watch it with him and try to point
out any similarities between Duncan and
your house
it's available on a couple of different
streaming services I checked the name is
shows Highlander by the way the
storyline is Duncan can't die okay and
it's told through a series of flashbacks
from the modern era out well thirty
years ago modern and four hundred years
ago or two hundred years ago and it goes
back and forth and you get to see his
journey of being a warrior play out in
yeah it's very cheesy and there there's
a whole lot to it that's not great but I
think it may be perfect for this four
hundred years ago he was a hothead he
just like everybody else when when they
start down that road a few decades later
he's standing on a field with people
that will never leave that field talking
to somebody else and telling them these
guys don't care about your flag or your
cause he serves in a bunch of different
countries militaries helps undermine
that nationalism and as it progresses
eventually the nationalism is gone
eventually even the patriotism is gone
eventually it's just him engaging in
this kind of stuff because of his own
moral compass and because as a lot of
people will tell you eventually it just
becomes a game once it's there it's
there and a lot of the stuff loses its
meaning but the game so to speak is
still there and that's funny in its own
way in relation to the show because the
overall plot line is that a game is
taking place
I think it would do a lot of good I
think it would do a lot of good he can
experience this vicariously because of
his age and I think that I think it
might help if it doesn't reach back out
I'll come up with something else I'd
given thanks but facts are just that
they're facts he's into history he
already knows the facts sometimes
fiction is what can get to truth and
that's what he's gonna need to know he's
gonna need to know some of the truth
behind what he wants and what he thinks
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night